hey I brought a hottie with me help me
out on a double-header we got down here
in Springville need to pick up 97 Land
Rover which already spotted us being
there so we wouldn't fly this as a
number of times and
got word that the guy that the land
rover is in a shop gets work done on it
so it's like me they've got it back out
of the shop but it doesn't run or they
got it fixed and it does run we're also
supposed to be picking up a 2004 Dodge
3500 which we've got a key for so Sam is
gonna drive likes doing this don't you
happy smile
so we're gonna cut right now and then we
should be on scene here about
so what we've got going on
all right so what we've done is we
parked around the corner there is our
Land Rover carports empty so he's
probably out of town working or
something cuz his truck usually parks
right there so looks like we're gonna be
hooking that one tonight so let's go
back to the truck and go to work
let me get going
okay so on that one we got it pretty
clean turns out it was it is rear-wheel
drive like all right Land Rovers but it
had the four-wheel drive all the time
engaged and so I had to get in it
luckily the keys were in it and I was
able to turn them on and put the vehicle
into neutral because it wasn't automatic
that's kind of a lucky break there on
that one and it was enough to get it
rolled out of there slowly you wanna be
careful towing a vehicle like that when
it's got the all-wheel drive
engage he could do it for short
distances though pretty said that most
models and get them around the corner
and away from any confrontational
situations so we did that we dropped it
since we had keys went ahead and started
up just fine drives fine so my partner's
behind me we're heading up to the
impound yard we'll drop it off head-on
to known we're really good don't know
confrontation
we'll go back later for the other
vehicle